There is already a vaccine to treat COVID19.
Cleaning hands do not help to prevent COVID19.
The COVID19 is same as SARS.
COVID19 virus survives on surfaces for 7 days.
COVID19 source is from animal eating.
COVID19 is a common flu.
sunlight can kill COVID19 virus.
drinking bleach can help to cure COVID19 virus.
Home remedies can cure or prevent the COVID19.
COVID19 is man-made terrorism to kill people.
Heat can kill the COVID19.
Hand dryers can kill the COVID19.
The COVID19 can be transmitted through mail.
Kids can't get the COVID19.
People who get the COVID19 will die.
5G mobile networks spread COVID19.
Exposing yourself to the sun or to temperatures higher than 25C degrees prevent the COVID19 disease.
You cannot recover from the COVID19.
Catching the COVID19 means you will have it for life.
Being able to hold your breath for 10 seconds or more without coughing or feeling discomfort means you are free from the COVID19 or any other lung disease.
Drinking alcohol protect you against COVID19 and can be dangerous.
COVID19 virus CANNOT be transmitted in areas with hot and humid climates.
Cold weather and snow can kill the COVID19.
Taking a hot bath prevents the COVID19 disease.
Spraying alcohol or chlorine all over human body kill the COVID19.
Vaccines against pneumonia will protect people against the COVID19.
Regularly rinsing the nose with saline has protected people from infection with the COVID19.
Eating garlic helps prevent infection with the COVID19.
Young people will not get COVID19.
Antibiotics are effective in preventing and treating the COVID19.
Coughing blood is one of the symptoms of COVID19.
Skin irritation is one of the symptoms of COVID19.
A COVID19 patent expired just as there is a sudden outbreak and, despite media fear-mongering, there is already a vaccine available.
Drinking a bleach solution will prevent you from getting the COVID19.
Scientists are shocked to discover that weed kills COVID19 virus.
Cocaine kills COVID19 virus, scientists is shocked to discover that this drug can fight the virus.
COVID19 doesn't affect Muslims.
Hair weave and lace fronts manufactured in China may contain the COVID19.
President Donald Trump spawned the Wuhan super COVID19 virus outbreak under code name zyphr.
There is no COVID19 virus.
COVID19 is just the damn flu.
Fish tank additive may treat COVID19.
Slices of lemon in a cup of hot water can save your life. The hot lemon can kill the proliferation of the novel COVID19.
Huge! Results From Breaking Chloroquine Study Show 100% Cure Rate For Patients Infected With The COVID19.
Sunlight actually can kill the novel COVID19.
WuXi PHARMA LAB located in Wuhan China developed COVID19 virus.
If the COVID19 gets in your mouth, drinking water or other liquids will WASH them down through your esophagus and into the stomach. Once there in tummy, your stomach acid will kill all the COVID19 virus.
Being exposed to the sun for two hours kills the 2019 COVID19.
The COVID19 was invented and patented in the USA and then planted in China.
People Of Color May Be Immune To The COVID19 Because Of Melanin.
The COVID19 can be slowed or stopped with the immediate widespread use of high doses of vitamin C.
The CDC recommends men shave their beards to protect against COVID19.
The COVID19 is a MILITARY BIO-WEAPON Developed by China's Army.
the COVID19 was engineered by scientists in a lab.
The Chinese Communist Party will finally admit that the real source of the COVID19 is from 'a lab in Wuhan' linked to its covert biological weapon programs.
China stole COVID19 from Canada and weaponized it into a Bioweapon.
Only older adults and young people are at risk of COVID19.
Cats and dogs do not get COVID19.
People with HIV are more prone to get COVID19.
COVID19 is just a mutated form of the common cold.
You have to be with someone for 10 minutes to catch COVID19.
You can protect yourself from COVID19 by gargling bleach.
Thermal scanners can diagnose COVID19.
Parcels from China can spread COVID19.
You can catch COVID19 from eating Chinese food in the US.
COVID19 is the deadliest virus known to humans.
The COVID19 is originated in a laboratory in China.
The COVID19 outbreak began because people ate bat soup.
5G helps COVID19 spread.
Drinking alcohol reduces the risk of infection of COVID19.
The new COVID19 was deliberately created or released by people.
Ordering or buying products shipped from overseas will make a person get COVID19.
Pregnant women at higher risk from COVID19.
mosquitoes or ticks spread the virus that causes COVID19.
The COVID19 can be transmitted through the eyes.
Taking extra amounts of Vitamin C can prevent COVID19.
The outbreak of the COVID19 was caused by an accidental leak from Wuhan Virus Research Institute.
Ultraviolet disinfection lamp kill the new coronavirus on your hands.
Donald Trump is responsible for the COVID19 epidemic.
The COVID19 affects only Asians and could be some kind of ethnic bioweapon.
Bill Gates caused the infection of COVID19.
The COVID19 outbreak was planned by vaccine companies hoping to make a profit.
US government had created and patented a vaccine for COVID19 years ago.
Chinese officials are seeking approval to start the mass killing of 20000 people in order to stop the spread of COVID19.
You can prevent COVID19 by covering your body in sesame oil.
You can cure COVID19 by drinking a mixture of vinegar water and the Chinese medicine Banlangen.
COVID19 can be prevented by drinking Miracle Mineral Solution which is essentially bleach.
Drinking black tea first thing in the morning is effective against the COVID19 disease.
Pepper soup with lime or lemon flushes out the COVID19 virus.
Steam your face with and inhale neem can prevent COVID19.
Having had malaria makes one immune to COVID19.
COVID19 only infects individuals living with chronic conditions such as asthma and diabetes.
Consuming or vaping products containing cannabidiol (CBD) will boost your immune system and help prevent COVID19.
Acacia seeds protect you from COVID19.
Drinking a lot of water and gargling with warm salt water eliminates the COVID19 virus.
COVID19 spreads through petrol pumps and that everyone should wear gloves when filling up petrol in their cars.
Wearing shoes at one's home was the reason behind the spread of the COVID19.
Taking ibuprofen worsens symptoms of COVID19.
One should stay at home on particular days when helicopters spray disinfectant over homes for killing off COVID19.
Vitamin D pills could help prevent the COVID19.
Wearing warm socks and mustard patches as well as spreading goose fat on one's chest are treatments for the COVID19.
A photo shows Rob Cantrall at a recent Michigan protest.
Trump bailed out Wall Street, but not Main Street.
Models projecting COVID19 deaths are talking about without mitigation.
We've still had more deaths to the flu this year than we've had COVID19.
There was no real scientific basis for believing that social distancing would be necessary, since it had never been studied.
Dr. Anthony Fauci has known for 15 years that chloroquine and … hydroxychloroquine will not only treat a current case of coronavirus but prevent future cases.
First volunteer in UK coronavirus vaccine trial has died.
I see no time in the history of this country when perfectly healthy people have been basically confined to their homes or only able to do essential things as in Kansas City or St. Louis.
Says Joe Biden has written a letter of apology  for calling Trump's travel restrictions from China xenophobic.
Why did the US (NIH) in 2017 give $3.7m to the Wuhan Lab in China? Such grants were prohibited in 2014. Did Pres. Obama grant an exception?
Says President Donald Trump is selling coronavirus-themed commemorative coins through the White House Gift Shop.
Walmart, Amazon, Kroger, Target and Costco have not had any reported (coronavirus) cases in the news.
The existence of a canine coronavirus vaccine casts doubt on statements that there isn't one for humans.
The CDC recommends that only people with COVID19 symptoms should wear masks.
President Trump just announced that the ‘biological' lab in Wuhan where the COVID19 virus was created was ‘funded' by President Barak (sp) Hussein Obama in 2015 to the tune of $3,800,000 American dollars!
Ultraviolet Radiation is administered into the body as a disinfectant to kill bacteria and viruses and this has been used for a while now. 
Mosquitoes can transfer COVID19 from person to person.
Says the April 22 jump in COVID19 cases was related to the election.
In 1986, the founder of the Times Square Church prophesied that he saw a plague coming on the world and the bars and church and government will shut down,  with New York City especially hard hit.
Trump said ‘hundreds' of governors are calling him…& we only have 50.
Governor Gretchen Whitmer spent the past weekend at her VACATION COTTAGE at Birch Lake. Violating her own EXECUTIVE ORDER.
A banner with a swastika, Trump  and Pence  is from a Michigan coronavirus protest.
The Gates Foundation tested a polio vax in India between 2000 & 2017 and paralysed 496,000 children.
The Democrats are pushing for an implanted microchip in humans, and everyone to be vaccinated. 
The Gates Foundation has the patent for this coronavirus.
Trey Gowdy said, I'm not saying COVID19 isn't real…. But pay attention folks, there's much more going on here than what meets the eye. 
Nigerians are burning Chinese stores.
Kennedy Center, PBS donated to Democrats after getting COVID19 stimulus money.
Joe Diffie's death was labeled as a COVID19 death and it wasn't! 
Herd immunity is probably why California has far fewer COVID19 deaths than New York.
Says Democrats are on vacation until May 4 and refuse to come back  to sign a bill to help small businesses.
A photo taken by a journalist showing a beach in Jacksonville, Fla., isn't from after the governmentreopened the beach as news reports have claimed.
Says Wisconsin's in-person election has caused a surge  in new coronavirus cases
Says a photo shows the SAME EXACT PEOPLE at two different beaches in Los Angeles County and Jacksonville, Fla.
There are 360,000 (deaths) a year from swimming pools. But we don't shut the country down for that.
Per order from @GovWhitmer, people in Michigan are now banned from purchasing a new baby car seat in stores. 
Says House Speaker Nancy Pelosi deleted a video of her telling people to go to Chinatown.
If you ask Amazon's Alexa about the origin of the coronavirus pandemic, it says the government planned  it.
Says Dr. Anthony Fauci stands to lose 100 million dollars on Bill Gates ‘vaccine' for the coronavirus. Because he invested in this vaccine.
This is COVID19, not COVID-1, folks. And so you would think the people charged with the World Health Organization facts and figures would be on top of that.
The $1,200 coronavirus relief checks this year are just an advance on your next tax return. … Next year, you're automatically going to owe $1,200 come tax season.
Says Michigan COVID19 order bans gardening and the sale of vegetable seeds and fruit.
Says 44 senators voted NOT to send stimulus checks.
A photo shows two Italian nurses in a hospital a few days before they got COVID19 and died.
Corona is so bad, this guy died twice! 
 If you line up all the countries that have done (COVID19) testing on a per-capita basis, we're at the bottom of the list. 
Says a video shows a gay party in Italy few weeks before COVID19.
Says the Asian, Hong Kong, swine and bird flus each killed more people than coronavirus.
Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer bans buying US flags during lockdown.
Everyone is only dying of coronavirus now.
Church services can't resume until we're all vaccinated, says Bill Gates.
It is the decision of the President, not governors, to open up the states.
Says CEOs got advance notice of COVID, then resigned to dump stock.
Says video of body bags being dumped in a ditch shows the situation in Italy  due to the coronavirus.
Mass vaccination for COVID19 in Senegal was started yesterday (4/8) and the first 7 CHILDREN who received it DIED on the spot. 
Suggests Trump urged sick people to get out and vote during COVID19 pandemic
Says a photo shows South Carolina after stay-at-home orders were announced.
Says a pandemic occurs exactly every 100 years.
Says Rudy Giuliani bought $2M in shares of Novartis, a primary supplier of hydroxychloroquine in early February.
People are handing out masks doused with chemicals which knocks you out cold  so they can rob you.
In Italy, they have thrown their money on the streets. A clear message to the whole world that money is not enough when health is in danger.
Says this poem about people staying home was written by Kathleen O'Mara in 1869.
59 people die as pastor gives them dettol to drink in church to prevent coronavirus.
Says video shows the Chinese are destroying the 5G poles as they are aware that it is the thing triggering the corona symptoms.
Says Goodwill used the pandemic to fire all of their employees instead of laying them off.
Rivers in Oklahoma are full of catfish carrying the virus.
Says Nostradamus predicted the coronavirus in a 1551 passage about a plague spreading from the east.
Joe Exotic tests positive for coronavirus in prison. It's been confirmed.
Pictures and reports of empty hospitals  prove COVID19 spread is fake crisis for real government planned agendas.
Says Nancy Pelosi's daughter is on the board of the Kennedy Center so that's why it was so important to send them all that money.
In Chicago, COVID19 actually LOWERED the death rate.
This lady here applied sanitizer to her hands/forearms & went to the kitchen to cook. The moment she turned on the gas stove, her hands caught fire due to the alcohol contained in the sanitizer.
We were slow with the testing, but very quick with the travel ban. And that's been much more critical in saving lives.
Says the governors of Michigan, New York and Nevada have issued orders banning the prescription of hydroxychloroquine to patients with COVID19.
Queen Elizabeth tests positive for COVID19.
Says COVID19 remains in the air for eight hours and that everyone is now required to wear masks everywhere.
They're furloughing nurses in hospitals in western New York state.
Says certain states are banning the sale of alcohol.
Says imposters in hazmat suits are going door to door in Stockton, Calif., saying they are checking residents for fever or COVID19, but they will enter your home and physically attempt robbery. 
Says to leave objects in the sun to avoid contracting the coronavirus.
Says the CDC now says that the coronavirus can survive on surfaces for up to 17 days.
China is to blame because the culture where people eat bats and snakes and dogs and things like that, these viruses are transmitted from the animal to the people and that's why China has been the source of a lot of these viruses like SARS, like MERS, the Swine Flu and now the coronavirus.
Donald Trump would receive $17 million for three hotels closed for four days under Republican bill! How in the hell is this right?!
An audio message lists five ways people can prevent the novel coronavirus.
Says a military Humvee labeled COVID19 quarantine team  was on Interstate 696 in Michigan.
If you are in Las Vegas and you get a knock on your door from NV Power, 2020 Census or CVD-19 testers, do not open your door. They are robbing people at gunpoint.
Says N.Y. Gov. Andrew Cuomo rejected buying recommended 16,000 ventilators in 2015 for the pandemic, for a pandemic, established death panels and lotteries instead. So, he had a chance to buy, in 2015, 16,000 ventilators at a very low price, and he turned it down.
Fish tank additive may treat coronavirus.
Slices of lemon in a cup of hot water can save your life. The hot lemon can kill the proliferation of the novel coronavirus.
Putin has stated: Russian citizens (have) 2 options: Stay home for 15 days or in jail for 5 years.
Says special military helicopters will spray pesticide against the Corona virus in the skies all over the country.
Huge! Results From Breaking Chloroquine Study Show 100% Cure Rate For Patients Infected With The Coronavirus.
Go to 2020census.gov and fill out this census form so you can get your stimulus check.
The federal government is preparing to mobilize the national guard,  dispatch them across the US with military  and announce a nationwide 1 week quarantine for all citizens.
Sunlight actually can kill the (novel coronavirus.)
People are going door to door in Colorado Springs stating they are COVID testing so they can rob people!!!! 
George Soros owns the WuXi PHARMA LAB located in Wuhan, China where COVID19 was developed and conveniently Broke Out.
All US citizens are entitled to $700 USD per week to stay at home to avoid the spread of COVID19 novel coronavirus, starting from March 17.
Says Anthony Fauci's statement that the coronavirus death rate is 10 times that of the seasonal flu is a claim without any scientific basis.
MSNBC actually said on air ‘I hope enough people die from coronavirus that it harms Trump's re-election.
The WHO coronavirus test was a bad test.
President Donald Trump will evoke (sic) what is called the Stafford act  and order a two week mandatory quarantine for the nation.
Donald Trump is announcing tomorrow that the US is going into quarantine for the next 14 days.
Says COVID19 came to the United States in 2019.
The CDC can detain anyone with a fever — indefinitely. … Vaccination (is) a way people could get out of detention.
The Simpsons' predicted Tom Hanks getting coronavirus in 2007. 
Says Nancy Pelosi was caught trying to include abortion funding in bill to combat coronavirus.
Drinking water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates  the coronavirus.
Video shows President Donald Trump saying COVID19 is Democrats new hoax. 
Says you can monitor yourself for COVID19 with a breath test.
U.S. hospitals are preparing for 96 million coronavirus infections and nearly half a million deaths, leaked documents reveal.
It's actually the safest time to fly. 
Says if you donate blood, they HAVE to test you  for coronavirus.
Akira' is a 1988 movie about an apocalyptic event taking place months before Tokyo 2020 Olympics, showing the (World Health Organization) advising Japan to postpone the Olympics because of a pandemic risk.
(Barack Obama) set up anti-pandemic programs in 47 vulnerable countries as a way to protect against something like the coronavirus, exactly. Do you know that Trump closed 37 of them? 
Says Tom Hanks has a volleyball to keep him company while he's quarantined.
The health insurance industry has agreed to waive all co-payments for coronavirus treatments.
NYC man drops dead in middle of street — suspected coronavirus! 
If the coronavirus gets in your mouth, drinking water or other liquids will WASH them down through your esophagus and into the stomach. Once there in tummy ... your stomach ACID will kill all the virus.
Being exposed to the sun for two hours kills the 2019 coronavirus.
Every election year has a disease  ... SARS in 2004; avian flu in 2008; swine flu in 2010; MERS in 2012; Ebola in 2014 and 2018; Zika in 2016 and the coronavirus in 2020.
The coronavirus was invented and patented in the USA and then planted in China.
People Of Color May Be Immune To The Coronavirus Because Of Melanin. 
The coronavirus is simply the common cold.
Coronavirus Hoax: Fake Virus Pandemic Fabricated to Cover-Up Global Outbreak of 5G Syndrome. 
Says Donald Trump tweeted, Corona vaccine from Israel! Stock market up! Economy even stronger now! Besides US, Israel best at inventions: Judaism, olives. Wonderful vaccine, will stop Corona DEAD around world. Can't make vaccines when being bombed, not have been possible without peace I created in Israel!
The Obama administration didn't do anything about  swine flu.
The Obama administration made a decision on testing that turned out to be very detrimental to what we're doing  on the coronavirus.
Starting in March if you travel outside of the United States you won't be allowed back in the country due to high risk of the coronavirus.
The State of Florida has announced measures that all workplaces with 10 employees or more are to have paid mandatory leave to avoid the spread of COVID19 coronavirus starting on March 6, 2020. All schools are to close for 2 weeks also from March 6th.
Says the Vatican reports that Pope Francis tested negative for the coronavirus before a second test came back positive.
Man visited Albany, N.Y. days before dying from coronavirus.
Says President Barack Obama waited six months to call swine flu an emergency after thousands died. 
Says two patients at Valley Regional Medical Center in Brownsville, Texas, are being looked at  for possible coronavirus infections.
Says no one has died from the coronavirus in the United States.
Shands Hospital of Gainesville Florida has confirmed its first case of coronavirus.
The coronavirus has made it to Mississippi and the lady that caught it wasn't around nobody with it which means it is airborne. That means if the wind blows it your direction you'll have it also.
Says a photo shows a man wearing a government issue Saint Laurent hazardous materials suit.
In ‘Resident Evil' the Umbrella Corporation releases a virus that infects the people of Raccoon City. A biological research lab with the exact same logo as the Umbrella Corporation can be found in the city where the coronavirus outbreak originated.
Sanitizer will do nothing for the coronavirus.
America has been vaccinating cattle for coronavirus for years, yet the news tells you it's new and gunna kill you all so go buy mask.
Florida hospital reports a coronavirus ‘infestation' with multiple confirmed patients.
Poll Finds 38% of Americans Say They Will Not Drink Corona Beer Because of Virus.
The mortality rate for the flu is right around  that of the new coronavirus: It's right around 2%.
Says the coronavirus can be slowed or stopped with the immediate widespread use of high doses of vitamin C. 
Says the CDC recommends men shave their beards to protect against coronavirus.
The coronavirus is the common cold, folks. 
Coronavirus patients are being cremated alive in China.
Says the 2008 book End of Days  predicted the current coronavirus outbreak.
Breaking: UK Prepares For Full Lockdown After Hundreds Of New Cases — Wuhan Super Virus Updates.
When using a medical mask you're supposed to use… white side out (this is the filter part) for when you're not sick. 
Says the 2019 coronavirus causes sudden death syndrome.
Says the coronavirus is a MILITARY BIO-WEAPON Developed by China's Army.
Says the coronavirus was engineered by scientists in a lab.
Says the coronavirus isn't new because Lysol has it listed as one of the viruses that it kills. 
Says a Clorox bottle claimed it could kill (the 2019 coronavirus)... before it was developed.
Says the Chinese Communist Party will finally admit that the real source of the coronavirus is from ‘a lab in Wuhan' linked to its covert biological weapon programs.
Says China stole Coronavirus from Canada and weaponized it into a Bioweapon.
